I will finish this week by showing you how
you can use fast k-nearest neighbor to
search for pieces of text related to a
query in a large collection of documents.
You simply create vectors for
both and find the nearest neighbors.
>> To get ready to perform
document search, first,
think about how to represent documents as
vectors instead of just words as vectors.
Let's say you have these
documents composed of three words.
I love learning.
How can you represent this
entire document as a vector?
Well, you can find the word vectors for
each individual word.
I love learning then
just add them together.
So the sum of all these word vectors
becomes a document vector with the same
dimension as the word vectors.
In this case, three dimensions.
You can then apply document search
by using k-nearest neighbors.
Let's go this up, create a mini
dictionary for word embeddings.
Here is the list of words
contained in the document.
You're going to initialize the document
embedding as an area of zeros.
Now for each word in a document, you'll
get the word vector if the word exists in
the dictionary else zero, you add this all
up and return the documents embedding.
Please try it out.
>> You learned in this video an example
of a very general method that text can be
embedded into vector spaces so
that nearest neighbors refer
to text with similar meaning.
Well, you'll learn more
advanced ways to embed text.
This basic structure will
reappear again and again and
again as it's used throughout modern NLP.